Bump Docker base image from 'node:16-bullseye-slim' to 'node:18-bulls… (#19976)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/small-pugs-build.md

---
'@backstage/create-app': patch
---

> Bump Docker base images to `node:18-bullseye-slim` to fix compatibility issues raised during image build. This update aligns with the recent Github Actions update to Node 18x [#19563](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/19563).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bump Docker base images to `node:18-bullseye-slim` to fix compatibility issues raised during image build.

You can apply these change to your own `Dockerfile` by replacing `node:16-bullseye-slim` with `node:18-bullseye-slim`
```
